So let's try navigating.
We did this and serviced before.
It's now time to do this in Engy are actually facts to Ford and we first of all need to get actual access
to the router so all injected into my effects class the normal router as it is imported from the router
package make sure to add this import here at the top router from an angle or router.
Now with that injector down here we can simply use it.
Once we were successful maybe here in the merged map right before we return we can simply say this router
navigate not by you or I'll just navigate and then navigate to just slash maybe and that's it.
Now if we save this we should see that once we do sign in we are redirected.
So let's try this out.
That works.
So that was super simple and this is how you can generally work with effects you can execute any code
there in theory but make sure to keep it to code which doesn't alter your state except for that action
you dispatch at the end of Europe.
But you also don't direct the altered state here but instead do things you need to do which change something
about your application but which are related to your application state.